1) 
Mary lives in Alphaville and wants to attend a family gathering in Brghtown on
next Sunday at 1 pm.  She consults the bus schedule but the only departures
are at 6 am and 2 pm. Either she has to get up at an impossible hour and
face a long wait in a dismal bus terminal, or be late for the event.
Maybe there is not even a bus service between Alphaville and Brightown. Mary
can't rely on car pooling, and a taxi would be prohibitively expensive.

2)
Meanwhile, John, an hospital worker, must start his workshift at 12:00 pm in
Clark-City, which happens to be on the way to Brightown. He faces the same
problem as Mary, only more acutely because his timeframe is narrower.  For
Mary, traveling one hour or two earlier would be acceptable. Not for John.
However they both agree that a departure between 11:00 am and 11:30 am would be
acceptable. And so for many hundreds others with different travel time windows
to either B or C or any town in-between. 

3)
What if we could gather all those people and offer them a ride closer to their
desired schedule at a price varying according to their level of emergency?

4) 
This is what Bid-n-go does. You can imagine it as a ride-sharing app designed
for high capacity transport vehicules typically used in interurban travel. When
a sufficient potential ticket sale income for a given time departure between,
say, A and B is reached, a transport provider can chip-in and emit an offer.
Potential passengers who have previously stated what would be an acceptable
timeframe and price for them contacted. They are given a limited time to either
accept or reject the offer. At the other side, the transport provider is informed of
the guaranteed minimum sales from the passengers who accepted the offer. From the
moment he accepts, the deal is closed, the seats are reserved and the money is transferred.
The transport provider can then sell the remaining seats --if any, at its
convenience, until the scheduld departing time. Such a system gets its value
from a network effet: the more people use it, the more useful it becomes. So
the potential for growth is
explosive. 

5) 
If you find this project interesting or have some suggestions or comments,
please contact me.

